DOC: Add Windows build doc (#10121)
astropy/astropy: docs/development/building.rst

need to be deleted and the appropriate parts of astropy re-imported and run. For
exact details, see the comments in the headers of the ``parsetab`` and
``lextab`` files.

.. _dev-build-astropy-subpkg-win:

Building on Windows
*******************

> The easiest option is to use Python installation from Miniconda. If you like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most convenient option is to use Python installation from Miniconda. If you like
```

Unix-like commands, Git Bash, which comes installed with Git, complements
Miniconda pretty well, as long as Miniconda is installed with the option for
it to be available system-wide (the option that is not recommended by the
installer).

Since ``astropy`` contains C extensions, you also need to install Microsoft
Visual Studio (the latest available should work) so Python can access the
system C compiler.

Once everything is set up as above, you can proceed to build ``astropy``
from source in the ``conda`` environment in an OS-agnostic way. For example:

* Create a new ``conda`` environment.
* Go to the ``astropy`` code checkout directory.

> * If you have not already, fetch all the tags from the main repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you have not already, fetch all of the tags from the main repository.
```
